Yes
Ah Xiao Wenjie
I won't let you go.
What are you waiting for?
Why are you back?
Xiao En is worried about your safety.
So I rushed back immediately after treating the wound
You came just in time to send Miss Zhang back
It's Brother Wuji, I'm tired today
If you have anything to say, let's talk tomorrow.
Please
And
This is the Nine Heavens Royal Immortal Pill, the first wonder medicine in the world
Not only cure all diseases
It is said that it can bring back the dead
Give it to sir together.
Thank you sir for your kindness
It's really Jiutian Yuxianwan
You have a heart
By the way, find a few people to secretly protect mother and father
Yes, but with the death of Mr. Please
Xiao Wuqi has arrived in Beihai
You can do it now.
Xiao Wuji just needs to kill you
This Wuji Temple is mine